Add dev-tools changes to the 2201.8.1 release note (#8000)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.8.1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: 2201.8.1 (Swan Lake) 
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.8.1/
active: 2201.8.1
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.8.1
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.8.1-swan-lake/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.8.1-swan-lake
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes
---

## Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake Update 8 (2201.8.1)

<em>Swan Lake 2201.8.1 is the first patch release of Ballerina 2201.8.0 (Swan Lake Update 8) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language, standard library, and tooling.</em>

## Update Ballerina

Update your current Ballerina installation directly to 2201.8.1 using the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/update-tool/) as follows.

1. Run `bal update` to get the latest version of the Update Tool.
2. Run `bal dist update` to update to this latest distribution.

## Install Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language updates

> ### New features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New features
```
Remove all empty sections.

Reviewer 2: Done in: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8000/commits/9cb622b2b2823a237c2fd2759bea9c5f32c2671f

### Improvements

### Bug fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.8.1 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A2201.8.1).

## Runtime updates

### New features

### Improvements

### Bug fixes

## Ballerina library updates

### New features

### Improvements

### Bug fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.8.1 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A2201.8.1).

## Developer tools updates

### New features

### Improvements

> Added code lens support to visualize blocks with `regex` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added CodeLens support to visualize blocks with `regex` statements.
```
